Hello @everyone. I know I said that we were aiming to get Flashpoint 6.2 out by the end of the month. However, there's been some complications, mainly due to a few staff members having either other obligations or unforseeable circumstances. Due to that, the release of 6.2 is being pushed back by a month. Sorry to disappoint anyone who was waiting eagerly to get their hands on the next release. We have been working pretty hard back here though; 6.2 already has 2,500 new games in it, so when next month rolls around, there will be plenty of new stuff to dig into.

With that said though, the beep for everyone is also important because there's a couple of things that need to be noted. The first is that 6.2 is actually going to have a pretty significant change, and I want people, especially curators, to be aware of it ahead of time. Due to how Flashpoint works it isn't easy for us to redirect HTTPS traffic, and a fair few titles, especially HTML5 ones, are heavily reliant on it. We've made the decision in 6.2 and onward to outright block HTTPS traffic in our browsers, because we've found that we might end up getting non-working games in the future due to it. This will most likely break a lot of games already in Flashpoint, so around the time of 6.2's release, we'll be bringing it up again, because we're going to need people testing HTML5 games as much as possible. However, since it's still a month to release and we've made this change now, people curating HTML5 games for the next release might run into problems, to which there's now a new version of Flashpoint Core in the #downloads channel, version 3.1. This applies the HTML5 blocks and a few other, minor changes, so anyone who plans on curating will need to upgrade their version of Core.

---

There is one more thing that does concern more than just curators though: we've been working on an updater for Flashpoint Ultimate, so that people don't have to redownload another hundred gigs or so every time we release a new version. It's very much in beta at the moment; while we have tested it successfully, we don't know about any kind of weird edge cases that might pop up. We were planning to release this alongside 6.2 for testing, but since that's not happening, we might as well do it now so that we can optimize it / bugfix it for 6.2. You can upgrade Flashpoint 5.5 and 6.0 to 6.1 using this updater at the moment; obviously if you have 6.1, you can't use this, this is only if you happen to have an old Flashpoint version lying around. It's in #downloads. The instructions are very simple: put the FlashpointUpdater folder next to your Flashpoint golder, go into the FlashpointUpdater folder, run update.bat and follow the prompts. Report back to us if something breaks. Note; since the updater is still in beta, it can probably break your Flashpoint install, so back up your Flashpoint install before you try this.

Hopefully, next time you hear an everyone beep, I'll be back to announce 6.2's release.