Hi @everyone. There's something I want to talk about now that Tom has opened the floodgates with the announcement on Newgrounds (I only found out about it a couple of days ago). It's named Ruffle - it's an open source Flash emulator coded in the Rust programming language by Mike of The Behemoth. I absolutely support his attempts to get something like that off the ground; honestly we could have used it yonks ago, but better late than never, right?

Since Flash itself isn't open source, there's nothing but positives to be gained from a project like this. One of the major benefits is that they'll be able to convert the plugin to work in browsers, so when the official plugin goes, Ruffle can swoop in and take its place...when it's ready. See, the actual plugin is nowhere near complete. It can run earlier animations (it's based off the SWF to MP4 converter that the same guy made for Newgrounds) and some really basic games, but without things like ActionScript support, its uses for things like Flashpoint are limited. We use the official Adobe binaries, which means we more or less have 100% compatibility, something Ruffle won't have for (hopefully not, but let's be realistic) a long time.

See, Ruffle and Flashpoint, while they might be used for the same end goal, exist for different reasons. Ruffle is meant for playing the games. Flashpoint is meant for *preserving* them. See, just because you can play the games doesn't mean they still can't disappear from the internet. Say, for example, every ArmorGames server and backup is simultaneously hit by a meteor shower. Doesn't matter what Ruffle does, those games aren't coming back. Flashpoint keeps local copies of their games around, so even if there's a worldwide nuclear war that upends the internet, if your computer still works, you can still play Crush the Castle in your copy of Flashpoint Ultimate.

---

This concept of Flash files being removed from the internet resulting in them being lost is what we're here to stop, and just because Ruffle might let people play Flash games in browsers after 2020 doesn't mean we're going to halt things here. Games are still at risk of going down even with Ruffle around. Hell, we have multiple games that don't exist in a complete form on the internet anymore, which I consider a great success on our part. Not to mention our support for other tech like Shockwave and Unity Web Player and Silverlight and what have you. Not even beginning to think of games that rely on external servers or have sitelocks or...

With that said though, I wish the Ruffle project the best luck possible in making Flash preservation easier, and hopefully better than the official binaries; if they do end up with benefits over the official binaries I'd be happy to include them in Flashpoint as an alternative. I'm going to leave a link to the Ruffle Discord server below; if you have a good knowledge of Flash, Rust or both, please go and help out if you can. The faster a project like this is done, the better for all of Flash as a whole. If there's anyone that can make this happen, it's probably these guys.

https://discord.gg/3rYN56c

(And for those of you who are a little annoyed to be annoyed about a beep like this, well...if you have 300GB of space free, there's a present for you waiting in the bottom of #downloads.)