@everyone Flashpoint 6.3, "We're Talking About Flash Games, Not Abstract Philosophy", is available now. I know the version name is a bit weird, but it's probably one of the best quotes I've heard over the course of Flashpoint's development. There's download links in the usual places. The new game count in this version is around 5700 and there's about 600 new animations. (Side note: due to my idiocy, I forgot to add the new animations to the changelog; the more up to date changelog is at https://bluemaxima.org/flashpoint/changelog.txt) This version has a ton of individual changes and fixes, alongside a few notable things like a new plugin and an in-the-works but playable archive of Sploder.

There are a couple new things about this release that are worth talking about that aren't directly related to the new version, though. The first is that we're now distributing Infinity nightly builds at the same place as the usual Infinity builds. These will be up to date with the master copy of Flashpoint, although that comes with the chance of things not working right. Note that nightly builds do *not* update automatically; if you must stay current you'll need to redownload it every day. Also, don't expect the nightly to be significantly different from regular Flashpoint for a while; I take post release breaks from Flashpoint to catch my breath so the master build won't be updated for some time.

---

The second thing is that the updater for Ultimate has received multiple updates; you should, keyword *should*, be able to update to 6.3 from any version 5.5 onwards. Of course this comes at your own risk, but if you feel like trying it out, here's a link: https://github.com/FlashpointProject/FlashpointUpdater/releases/tag/0.3b The updater has a decent GUI version now, so there shouldn't be any complicated instructions.

Also, I feel the need to say this due to some recent drama, but there is no need to antagonize other Flash related projects. We don't need to worry about any other projects happening in parallel to us; we're doing our own thing and everyone else is welcome to do their own thing. It would be great if we could work together, but that doesn't mean we need to take an 'holier-than-thou' attitude due to our relative size or progress. What I'm saying is...play nice, people.

One more thing. I've been involved in a new project along the sane lines as Flashpoint for a while now; it's named Kahvibreak, and it's a collection of Java mobile games with the same launcher and general concept of double-click-and-play as Flashpoint. We just put out a first release which you can read about and download at https://bluemaxima.org/kahvibreak/, or you can join our Discord server at https://discord.gg/8TgbHAG if you want to chat or help.

Flashpoint 6.4's ETA is "the end of the year".